{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Visualization 1 (Python)\
\
What software did you use to create your data visualization?\
\
Answer: Python\
\
Who is your intended audience? \
\
Answer: The intended audience of this visualization can be the general public interested in this topic, policy makers who may need insights on seasonal demand for marriage services, or data analysts interested in trends in marriage patterns.\
    \
What information or message are you trying to convey with your visualization? \
\
Answer: From this visualization, it shows a clear trend of seasonal fluctuations in marriage licenses issuance among all civic centres in Toronto since 2011. Summer months including June, July and August have more license issuance events, while winter months (Nov, Dec, Jan, Feb) illustrate lower license issuance events.\
    \
What aspects of design did you consider when making your visualization? How did you apply them? With what elements of your plots? \
\
Answer: I considered simplicity and clarity of visualization, where I tried to use less color, fewer grid lines and tick marks to help with these two aspects. I also increased font sizes and rotated axis lables for readability.\
    \
How did you ensure that your data visualizations are reproducible? If the tool you used to make your data visualization is not reproducible, how will this impact your data visualization? \
    \
Answer: I used open-source Python libraries and sourced the dataset from the public City of Toronto\'92s Open Data Portal. Anyone with Python can rerun the code and get the same visualization results.\
\
How did you ensure that your data visualization is accessible?  \
\
Answer: I used relatively large fonts for labels and titles, and applied different colors to distinguish them (but this visualization does not rely on colors, which is another achivement of accessibility).\
    \
Who are the individuals and communities who might be impacted by your visualization?  \
\
Answer: Couples planning their wedding might benefit from understanding licensing demand, therefore they can plan their wedding date ahead of time; policy makers may consider performing community social events that align with the summer peak of marriage license issuance. \
    \
How did you choose which features of your chosen dataset to include or exclude from your visualization? \
\
Answer: The chosen dataset has four columns: id, civic centre, marriage licenses, and time period. I excluded the id column since it only represents the order/number of each row and is not relevant to the target visualization.\
    \
What \'91underwater labour\'92 contributed to your final data visualization product?\
\
Answer: First of all, the marriage license issuance is processed and logged by administrative officers who work in different civic centres. Data management and technical staff should be able to gather this information and back it up in the government database. Data documentation staff create the dataset files and upload them to the open data portal (the IT support team does the design and maintenance of the website). Then, the general public (in this case, myself) can easily download the dataset from the open data portal. And as part of the \'91underwater labour\'92, I processed the data and generated this visualization.\
}